Feat: support ssl_verification_mode => 'full' / 'none' (#126)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-http: docs/index.asciidoc

Timeout (in seconds) to wait for data on the socket. Default is `10s`

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_verification_mode"]
===== `ssl_verification_mode`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Supported values are: `full`, `none`

>   * Default value is `full`

Reviewer: I am thinking what does `full` mean. Beats has a nice [doc](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/configuration-ssl.html)
Maybe a good reference.

Author: OK, thought I would keep it short but we could copy the description from Beats' docs ...

Timeout (in seconds) to wait for data on the socket. Default is `10s`

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_verification_mode"]
===== `ssl_verification_mode`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Supported values are: `full`, `none`
  * Default value is `full`

Controls the verification of server certificates.
The `full` option verifies that the provided certificate is signed by a trusted authority (CA)
and also that the server’s hostname (or IP address) matches the names identified within the certificate.

The `none` setting performs no verification of the server’s certificate.
This mode disables many of the security benefits of SSL/TLS and should only be used after cautious consideration.

> It is primarily intended as a temporary diagnostic mechanism when attempting to resolve TLS errors;
> its use in production environments is strongly discouraged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is primarily intended as a temporary diagnostic mechanism when attempting to resolve TLS errors.
Using `none`  in production environments is strongly discouraged.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion for clarity and to simplify construction for translation.
